
### March
##### **20250327 Thursday**
- [x] Update Domino Blueprint to Solution repository
- [x] Answer Justin Lecher #Domino 
##### **20250326 Wednesday**
- [x] Get approval for Domino blueprint changes #Domino #AZ 
- [x] Pagar curso de ceramica ?
- [x] Reply Domino ticket
- [x] Pagar AZ expenses
##### **202503125 Tuesday**
- [x] Add things in my calendar
- [x] Answer Anvaka
##### **202503124 Monday**
- [x] [Domino] Update blueprint and create security assessment ticket #Domino 
- [x] [Domino]Synchronise with Alessandro on GPU provisioning #Domino 
- [x] [Domino] Update the wider team on my availability for the week. #Domino 
##### **202503120 Thursday**
- [x]  Update the documentation with the comments from Rakesh https://confluence.astrazeneca.com/display/DOP/Output+of+the+assessment  #Domino 
- [x] Update the JIRA tickets for new sprint with description and AACC https://jira.astrazeneca.com/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=121644&projectKey=DOMINO&quickFilter=195320# #Domino
- [x] On the ticket about not exposure of GenAI models, copy the email and link to the documentation for Airgap and so  #Domino
- [x] Pedir HMCR certificado de residencia fiscal
- [x]  Llamar a papa

**20250319 Wednesday**
- [x] Watch Video Andrej on Makemore MLP
- [x] Fix terms and conditions and form in pass paw and send link to Alphonzo
- [x] [EA] Complete LeanIX training
- [x] [OpenAI] Create a collaborative document
- [x] [Ontovers

**20250318 Tuesday**
- [x] [EA] Complete LeanIX training
- [x] [OpenAI] Create a collaborative document
- [x] [Ontoverse]Fix the pipeline and upload the db to neo4j onto verse dev

**20250313 Friday**

20250313 Thursday
- [x] Denunciar robo de bici
- [x] [BAU] Answer Haji and Cherry Visita BCN
- [x] Felicitar Silvita
- [x] Poner mis vacaciones en calendario de Domino

20250312 Wednesday
- [x] Send all documentation for special regimen application

20250311 Tuesday
- [x] [Domino] Update the JIRA tickets with description and AACC https://jira.astrazeneca.com/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=121644&projectKey=DOMINO&quickFilter=195320#

20250310 Monday

20250305 Wednesday

20250304 Tuesday
- [x] Subir documentos a Google form para Nacho

February

20250220 Thursday
- [x] [Ontoverse] Level 0 GitHub policies

20250218 Tuesday
- [x] [Domino] Update Michaelâ€™s documentation
- [x] [OTAR] Send info to Simon

20250217 Monday
- [x] [Ontoverse] Finish watching the transcription
- [x] [SGHH] Submit Open Targets project to hackathon
- [x] [PhD] Book C1 Exam

20250213 Thursday
- [x] [SGHH] Submit Open Targets project to hackathon
- [x] [PhD] Book C1 Exam

20250212 Wednesday
- [x] [SGHH] Understand the role of the mentors
- [x] [AZ] Follow up with my pension

20250210 Monday
- [x] [Next Gen Scientist] Fill up the form

â€”â€”
20250206 Thursday
- [x] [PhD] Create slides for tomorrowâ€™s meeting 
- [x] [PhD] Follow up with Namshik and Haji

20250205 Wednesday
- [x] [TLS] Finish first copy
- [x] [PhD] Follow up with HR Spain
- [x] [Domino] Ask Why are they not integrated Any external buckets, there was any reason (was by design), it was prioritised for later

20250203 Monday
- [x] ANSWER LUCA

â€”

20250131 Friday

20250129 Wednesday
- [x] [Domino] Reach out to Rakesh for lunch (Director IGNITE)

20250128 Tuesday
- [x] [PhD] Send research proposal
- [x] [Hackathon] Send comunication to increase participation

20250127 Monday
- [x] [Domino] Do JIRA tarining and share it with Balafama (Bala)

â€”

20250124 Friday
- [x] [Ontoverse] Send project idea to https://az.brightidea.com/ 

20250123 Thursday
- [x] Ontoverse: figure out the discrepancy between code and jupyter notebooks

â€”

20250121 Tuesday
- [x] Reach out to Rakesh for lunch (Director IGNITE) 

20250120 Monday
- [x] Reach out to Rakesh for lunch (Director IGNITE) 

â€” 

20250117 Friday
- [x] Ontoverse: walk-through to upload graph dumps
- [x] Learn more about the TLS architecture
- [x] Reach out to Rakesh for lunch (Director IGNITE) Moved to Monday
- [x] Watch High-Risk AI session
- [x] Do mandatory training
 
20250116 Thursday
- [x] Answer Miquel
- [x] Answer Johannes and ask him about take notes app *(teams transcript functionality)

20250115 Wednesday
- [x] Answer Teo: FHIR hackathon
- [x] Request access to Dominos Lab: https://azcollaboration.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/sites/DominoCommunity/_layouts/15/guestaccess.aspx?share=EfIzU2TrbCpFnTJQmpddtgYBXT7dQf6D46Q2rZFLwolVAw

20250114 Tuesday
- [x] Ontoverse: ask Miquel about the automatic upload of dumps to the neo4j instance
- [x] Join the Discord
AZ
- [ ] ~~*Write down notes for CGR project and share them with Luca.~~*
- [ ] *~~Answer Hui Sun and Yaxin questions~~*
- [ ] *~~Write email to Antonio and Alex (neo4j)~~*
- [ ] *~~Send emails bikg and cikg~~*
- [ ] *~~Open PR for Assay cat pipeline~~*
- [ ] *~~Fix the Web page URL~~*
- [ ] *~~Create a temporary view table for TiTv*~~

â€”â€”â€”

November 2024
Thursday 14th November
AZ
- [x] Create a temporary view table for TiTv
Mine
- [ ] Follow up with CEH
Open Targets
- [ ] Follow up OT PR -> Create a final graph in docker
Ontoverse
- [ ] Create ontoverse tickets
- [ ] Open PR with updated pipeline
- [ ] Proposal for maths student placement -> ontoverse
- [ ] Send email to Ian -> Explain what was the problem with the pipeline
PhD
- [ ] Follow up with Namshik -> Send over draft proposal.
- [ ] Follow up with Andrew (PhD)

Wednesday 13th November
AZ
- [x] Answer Lucca (CGR)
Mine
- [x] Answer friends and brother 
PhD
- [x] Contact Catriona Corbishley -currently doing a part-time PhD- for advice
â€”â€”â€”
Tuesday 5th November
AZ
- [x] Merge PPI PR
Open Targets KG
- [x] Follow up OT PR -> Resolve conversations in te current PR

Monday 4th November
AZ
- [x] Open PPI PR
â€”â€”â€”â€”â€”â€”
October 2024
Tuesday 29th October
AZ
- [x] Complete my time
- [x] Send slides to Ian

October 2024
Tuesday 29th October
AZ
- [x] Send slides to Ian
- [x] Complete my time
- [x] Write ticket -> cikg short and long term
- [x] Review PRs
- [x] Look at Sathyaâ€™s and Satwantâ€™s PRs
- [x] Query the targets send by Hui Sun using the BIKG table


Monday 28th October

Mine
- [ ] Proposal for maths student placement -> ontoverse?
- [ ] Follow up with cybersecurity course
- [ ] Follow up with Andrew (PhD)
- [ ] Follow up OT PR -> Create a final graph in docker

Ontoverse
- [ ] Create ontoverse tickets
- [ ] Open PR with updated pipeline

â€”â€”â€” 
Friday 25th October

AZ
- [x] Send email to CIKG to organise a knowledge sharing session
- [x] Book Sweden return flights

Thursday 24th October

AZ
- [x] Create a query for phase 3 and 4 (launched) compounds in BIKG
- [x] Talk to Stephen about the query

Monday 21st October 

Open Targets
- [x] Fix OT pipeline

Thursday 17th October 
- [x] Review Miquelâ€™s PR

Wednesday 16th October 
- [x] Merged my PR
- [x] Follow up with Johannes
- [x] Request DNS for github pages
- [x] Reviewed Satwantâ€™s PR

Tuesday 15th October 
Goals:

- [x] Harmonise sourceType and directionality QUBIKG-2553
- [x] Generate bronze table QUBIKG-2549
- [x] Add acceptance criteria to the tickets
- [x] Add Website ticket

Monday  14th October
- [x] Follow up with Eleanor
- [x] Open PR for ontoverse NER pipeline
- [x] Look into Open Targets bug

Action points from TiTv UK QuBi meeting
- Hui San to provide genes to look at
- Look into the use cases of CIKG
- Hui San to point us to the pipeline code
- Follow up on Genetic constrain from Open Targets

â€”â€”
Friday 11th October

Thursday 10th October

Wednesday 9th October
- [x] Follow up OT
- [x] https://jira.rd.astrazeneca.net/browse/QUBIKG-2549 TiTv bronce table
- [x] Organise meeting with Michael Tongue
- [x] Ask Ian about the return flight -> I decided not to do it


Tuesday 8th October
- [x] Stakeholder mapping session
- [x] Book the trip to Sweden

Monday 7th October
- [x] Reach out to Michael Tongue
â€”â€”â€”
Thursday 3rd October
- [x] Download BioRelate Data
- [x] Follow up with Miquel
- [x] reach out pHD?

Wednesday 2nd October
- [x] Answer Larisa
- [x] Add a confluence page with questions from analytics


September 2024

Meeting Ian Friday
- Talk to him about the GitHub Administrator Certification: how I passed the exam

Friday 13th September
- [ ] Open PR to update documentation on CIKG
- [ ] Updated documentation on Open Targets
- [ ] https://jira.astrazeneca.com/browse/QUBIKG-2497 Explore and identified the columns and update documentation and agreed with Hui San that I will present them some statistics on the differences between pharmaProject and Cortellis
- [x] Post the release notes and contact Insights to test the Dashboard in the new graph
- [x] Check with Satwant pre-prod graph is alright

Thursday 12th September
- [x] Trigger pre-prod release

Wednesday 11th September
- [x] https://jira.astrazeneca.com/browse/QUBIKG-2497 Explore and identified the columns and update documentation and agreed with Hui San that I will present them some statistics on the differences between pharmaProject and Cortellis
- [x] Updated documentation on Chemistry Connect and CIKG
- Blocked for the preprod release

Tuesday 10th September
- [x] Started working on opening a PR with new columns required from the TiTv crew to add to CIKG
- [x] Write the meeting notes fro m the UI meeting in the ticket, request repo access to Ufuk
- [x] Pitch the hackathon to Ian

â€”
Thursday 5th September
Tomorrow I would like to:
- [ ] Write the meeting notes from the UI meeting in the ticket, request repo access to Ufuk
- [ ] Contact Sathya regarding Metabase
- [ ] Pitch the hackathon to Ian

Tuesday 3rd September
What is the ticket for the documentation task? 

Monday 2nd September 
- [x] Take notes about meeting with Mushtaque and Jason
Problem: The compose team is unhappy with the UI json files being saved into the neo4j database. We have allocated some time this sprint to collaborate with Mushtaque and Jason and propose an alternative, that could be implemented in over the next weeks.

UI meeting on 2nd September, 2024
- Ufuk thinks that the solution might require having a document store that is accessible by the graph database (is it worth it to have a separate service running 
- Currently, the session information is saved in the local store (Browser cache), and this is a wider problem that they need to address. Moving this information away from the local store would also require having something like a document store.
- To address both issues, we at least would require:
    - A service that runs a document store
    - An API to query and interact with the document store
    - A policy to provide the right access
- Ufuk thinks that this task would require input from the Compose team, as we work more closely with the infrastructure behind the KGs

August 2024

Friday 29th 
Which ticket? json UI (QUBIKG-2446),, SCIM documentation (QUBIKG-2464
- [x] Check Bronchiectasis slides decks ahead of the workshop (https://azcollaboration.sharepoint.com/sites/COPDknowledgegraph407/_layouts/15/guestaccess.aspx?share=Eo05Iz31pqFClwVSFtAls48BmnK_cxGyFElGeKKTtcFg7A&e=YZYuCQ) 
- [x] Check which columns from hui san and yaxing are in CIKG and create a confluence page

Tuesday 27th 
- [x] Fill in MY TIME
â€”â€”â€”
- [ ] Propose Ian to mentor a junior scientist
- [ ] Focus on the development of a web page using Github Pages
- [ ] DSpy: contribute to fix README.md l77, l110

May 2024

Thursday 23rd May
- [x] Fill in MYTIME
- [x] Open PR for for platinum assay node
- [x] Write code for platinum assay node
- [x] Open PR for HAS_TARGET edge
- [x] Write code  for HAS_TARGET edge

Monday 20th May
- [x] Open PR for silver HTS data
- [x] Write code for silver HTS data

â€”â€”
Friday 17th May
- [x] Write code for silver HTS data
- [x] Open PR for bronze HTS data


Thursday 16th May
- [x] Download P60 for 23/24
- [x] Write bronze layer for HTS data
- [x] Mark sick day in workday

Tuesday 14th May
- [x] Sync up with Satwant to check whats left to get the HTS data tables into our data lake


Monday 13th May
- New time for the Integration tests: 13min! Reduction from 31 minutes to 13
- [x] Prepare my part for the presentation
- [x] Open PR - tests migration (source pipelines)
- [x] Set up meeting with Sathya to discuss information provided by Jeremy

â€”â€”â€”

Friday 10th May
- [x] Ask for help regarding parameterized and pytest spark fixture

Thursday 9th May
- [ ] Work on assessment
- [x] Look at the slides for the presentation to the LT

Wednesday 7th May
- [x] Ask Sathya to explain how to connect Snowflake with Databricks
- [x] Open PR - tests migration (kg entities - relations)

Tuesday 6th May
- [x] Migrate tests (entities, experimental, data landing, graph build)

â€”â€”â€”

Wednesday 1st May
- [x] Discuss reducing bundles PR with Tam
- [x] Ask for an NPU for Snowflake to connect to Databricks
- [x] Start drafting a plan for the genomics pipeline refactoring


April 2024

Tuesday 30th April
- Update draft PR for GitHub actions with commands for using the latest version of the databricks CLI
- Finished documentation for reducing bundles
- Discuss with Tam how to implement it 
- Set up a meeting with Andrea to discuss the HTS data in Snowflake 

â€”â€”â€”

Friday 26th April
- Closed PR for adjustedPValue
- Draft PR of the master workflow orchestration
- [x] Discuss what to do with the Asthma dataset
- [x] Catch up with Satwant regarding HTS data in SnowFlake


Thursday 25th April
- Discuss with Tam what to do to generate the master job bundle
- [x] Open PR for github action for Master workflow

Tuesday 23rd April
- Added a ticket to transform adjustedPValue properties to PValue in the genomics pipeline

â€”â€”â€”

Monday 15th April
- [x] Keep an eye on GitHub EMS migration process
- [x] Check that the goals are correct, update when needed

Monday 15th April
Ask Omar to give the prod Service Principle access to the test catalog and the s3 bucket with the raw data

â€”â€”â€”
Friday 12th April
- Set up databricks master workflow to run as part of CI/CD
- In the data product node Version wonâ€™t be correct, because itâ€™s taken from the repository variable rather than taken from the git. It would just be correct if we checkout the repository with a tag for which the VERSION variable is not in a dev state


Wednesday 10th April
Write down the meeting notes from the meeting I had with Sathya and Stephen
- CI/CD pipeline 
    - GitHub actions to run the master orchestration pipeline:
        - Check out the repository version (latest) 
        - From that branch, it runs the whole workflow to create KG objects (including data products)
- Create data product node pipeline (just at the time of kg_entities) -> We retrieve the versions of each of the bronze datasets and the version of the code base

- [x] Retrieve repository version from version tag QUBIKG-2038
    - [x] Check code with Sathya, Greg and Tam
    - [x] raise PR 
    - [x] Write code
    - [x] Open branch

Monday 8th April
Started working on the remote repository version retrieval.

Friday 5th April
- Finished QUBIKG-2027: update chemistry connect version and pipeline

March 2024

Wednesday 13th March
- Organised a meeting to brainstorm how to check that the tables for graph build are correct
- open a draft PR for including data from HPA into the gene annex node - talk to Elen and Satwant
- review other prs and comments

Wednesday 13th March
- Explored the option Satwant proposed for pulling out the phenotypes from the input files: UK biobank doesnâ€™t have phenotypes in the input files
- Started working on go node gold script to add the description to the table.

Wednesday 6th March
- Why was the genomics pipeline for copdGene only being run for emphysema?

#AZ